Adding link to Page Builder install page (#570)
magento/merchdocs: src/marketing/product-recommendations.md

You can create, manage, and deploy recommendations across your store views directly from the Magento Admin panel.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> For information about how to install the product recommendations module so you can begin collecting shopper behavior and catalog data, refer to the [developer documentation](https://devdocs.magento.com/recommendations/install-configure.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about installing product recommendations modules, refer to the [developer documentation](https://devdocs.magento.com/recommendations/install-configure.html).
```

let's keep it simple
